README.md, before:

# WarpX

[![Code Status development](https://dev.azure.com/ECP-WarpX/WarpX/_apis/build/status/ECP-WarpX.WarpX?branchName=development)](https://dev.azure.com/ECP-WarpX/WarpX/_build/latest?definitionId=1&branchName=development)
[![Nightly Installation Tests](https://dev.azure.com/ECP-WarpX/WarpX/_apis/build/status/ECP-WarpX.Nightly?branchName=nightly&label=nightly%20packages)](https://dev.azure.com/ECP-WarpX/WarpX/_build?definitionId=2)
[![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/warpx/badge/?version=latest)](https://warpx.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest)
[![Spack Version](https://img.shields.io/spack/v/warpx)](https://spack.readthedocs.io/en/latest/package_list.html#warpx)
[![Conda Version](https://img.shields.io/conda/vn/conda-forge/warpx)](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/warpx)
[![Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/ECP-WarpX/community.svg)](https://gitter.im/ECP-WarpX/community?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge)  
[![Supported Platforms](https://img.shields.io/badge/platforms-linux%20|%20osx%20|%20win-blue)](https://warpx.readthedocs.io/en/latest/install/users.html)
[![GitHub commits since last release](https://img.shields.io/github/commits-since/ECP-WarpX/WarpX/latest/development.svg)](https://github.com/ECP-WarpX/WarpX/compare/development)
[![Exascale Computing Project](https://img.shields.io/badge/supported%20by-ECP-orange)](https://www.exascaleproject.org/research/)
[![Language: C++17](https://img.shields.io/badge/language-C%2B%2B17-orange.svg)](https://isocpp.org/)
[![Language: Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/language-Python-orange.svg)](https://python.org/)  
[![License WarpX](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-BSD--3--Clause--LBNL-blue.svg)](https://spdx.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause-LBNL.html)
[![DOI (source)](https://img.shields.io/badge/DOI%20(source)-10.5281/zenodo.4571577-blue.svg)](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.4571577)
[![DOI (paper)](https://img.shields.io/badge/DOI%20(paper)-10.1016/j.parco.2021.102833-blue.svg)](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.parco.2021.102833)

## Overview

WarpX is an advanced electromagnetic Particle-In-Cell code.
It supports many features including Perfectly-Matched Layers (PML), mesh refinement, and the boosted-frame technique.

## Documentation

[![PICMI](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label="works%20with"&message="PICMI"&color="blueviolet")](https://picmi-standard.github.io)
[![openPMD](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label="works%20with"&message="openPMD"&color="blueviolet")](https://www.openPMD.org)
[![yt-project](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label="works%20with"&message="yt"&color="blueviolet")](https://yt-project.org)

In order to learn how to install and run the code, please see the online documentation:
https://warpx.readthedocs.io

To contact the developers, feel free to open an issue on this repo, or visit our Gitter room at https://gitter.im/ECP-WarpX/community

## Contributing

[![AMReX](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label="runs%20on"&message="AMReX"&color="blueviolet")](https://amrex-codes.github.io/)
[![PICSAR](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label="runs%20on"&message="PICSAR"&color="blueviolet")](https://picsar.net)
[![openPMD-api](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label="runs%20on"&message="openPMD-api"&color="blueviolet")](https://openpmd-api.readthedocs.io)
[![ADIOS](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label="runs%20on"&message="ADIOS"&color="blueviolet")](https://csmd.ornl.gov/adios)
[![HDF5](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label="runs%20on"&message="HDF5"&color="blueviolet")](https://www.hdfgroup.org/)
[![Ascent](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label="runs%20on"&message="Ascent"&color="blueviolet")](http://www.ascent-dav.org)
[![SENSEI](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label="runs%20on"&message="SENSEI"&color="blueviolet")](https://sensei-insitu.org)

Our workflow is described in [CONTRIBUTING.rst](CONTRIBUTING.rst).

## License

WarpX Copyright (c) 2018-2022, The Regents of the University of California,
through Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (subject to receipt of any
required approvals from the U.S. Dept. of Energy).  All rights reserved.

If you have questions about your rights to use or distribute this software,
please contact Berkeley Lab's Innovation & Partnerships Office at
IPO@lbl.gov.

NOTICE.  This Software was developed under funding from the U.S. Department
of Energy and the U.S. Government consequently retains certain rights. As
such, the U.S. Government has been granted for itself and others acting on
its behalf a paid-up, nonexclusive, irrevocable, worldwide license in the
Software to reproduce, distribute copies to the public, prepare derivative
works, and perform publicly and display publicly, and to permit other to do
so.

License for WarpX can be found at [LICENSE.txt](LICENSE.txt).

Commit message:

add documentation for perlmutter + cmake (#80)
* update docs for perlmutter

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

README.md, after:

# WarpX

[![Code Status development](https://dev.azure.com/ECP-WarpX/WarpX/_apis/build/status/ECP-WarpX.WarpX?branchName=development)](https://dev.azure.com/ECP-WarpX/WarpX/_build/latest?definitionId=1&branchName=development)
[![Nightly Installation Tests](https://dev.azure.com/ECP-WarpX/WarpX/_apis/build/status/ECP-WarpX.Nightly?branchName=nightly&label=nightly%20packages)](https://dev.azure.com/ECP-WarpX/WarpX/_build?definitionId=2)
[![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/warpx/badge/?version=latest)](https://warpx.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest)
[![Spack Version](https://img.shields.io/spack/v/warpx)](https://spack.readthedocs.io/en/latest/package_list.html#warpx)
[![Conda Version](https://img.shields.io/conda/vn/conda-forge/warpx)](https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/warpx)
[![Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/ECP-WarpX/community.svg)](https://gitter.im/ECP-WarpX/community?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge)
[![Supported Platforms](https://img.shields.io/badge/platforms-linux%20|%20osx%20|%20win-blue)](https://warpx.readthedocs.io/en/latest/install/users.html)
[![GitHub commits since last release](https://img.shields.io/github/commits-since/ECP-WarpX/WarpX/latest/development.svg)](https://github.com/ECP-WarpX/WarpX/compare/development)
[![Exascale Computing Project](https://img.shields.io/badge/supported%20by-ECP-orange)](https://www.exascaleproject.org/research/)
[![Language: C++17](https://img.shields.io/badge/language-C%2B%2B17-orange.svg)](https://isocpp.org/)
[![Language: Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/language-Python-orange.svg)](https://python.org/)
[![License WarpX](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-BSD--3--Clause--LBNL-blue.svg)](https://spdx.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause-LBNL.html)
[![DOI (source)](https://img.shields.io/badge/DOI%20(source)-10.5281/zenodo.4571577-blue.svg)](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.4571577)
[![DOI (paper)](https://img.shields.io/badge/DOI%20(paper)-10.1016/j.parco.2021.102833-blue.svg)](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.parco.2021.102833)

## Overview

WarpX is an advanced electromagnetic Particle-In-Cell code.
It supports many features including Perfectly-Matched Layers (PML), mesh refinement, and the boosted-frame technique.

## Documentation

[![PICMI](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label="works%20with"&message="PICMI"&color="blueviolet")](https://picmi-standard.github.io)
[![openPMD](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label="works%20with"&message="openPMD"&color="blueviolet")](https://www.openPMD.org)
[![yt-project](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label="works%20with"&message="yt"&color="blueviolet")](https://yt-project.org)

In order to learn how to install and run the code, please see the online documentation:
https://warpx.readthedocs.io

To contact the developers, feel free to open an issue on this repo, or visit our Gitter room at https://gitter.im/ECP-WarpX/community

Additionally, HarrisSheetinX requires GSL. When compiling on perlmutter with cmake, add the following lines to the `warpx.profile`:

```
module load nersc-easybuild/.21.12
module load GSL
module unload GCC
```

## Contributing

[![AMReX](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label="runs%20on"&message="AMReX"&color="blueviolet")](https://amrex-codes.github.io/)
[![PICSAR](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label="runs%20on"&message="PICSAR"&color="blueviolet")](https://picsar.net)
[![openPMD-api](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label="runs%20on"&message="openPMD-api"&color="blueviolet")](https://openpmd-api.readthedocs.io)
[![ADIOS](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label="runs%20on"&message="ADIOS"&color="blueviolet")](https://csmd.ornl.gov/adios)
[![HDF5](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label="runs%20on"&message="HDF5"&color="blueviolet")](https://www.hdfgroup.org/)
[![Ascent](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label="runs%20on"&message="Ascent"&color="blueviolet")](http://www.ascent-dav.org)
[![SENSEI](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label="runs%20on"&message="SENSEI"&color="blueviolet")](https://sensei-insitu.org)

Our workflow is described in [CONTRIBUTING.rst](CONTRIBUTING.rst).

## License

WarpX Copyright (c) 2018-2022, The Regents of the University of California,
through Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (subject to receipt of any
required approvals from the U.S. Dept. of Energy).  All rights reserved.

If you have questions about your rights to use or distribute this software,
please contact Berkeley Lab's Innovation & Partnerships Office at
IPO@lbl.gov.

NOTICE.  This Software was developed under funding from the U.S. Department
of Energy and the U.S. Government consequently retains certain rights. As
such, the U.S. Government has been granted for itself and others acting on
its behalf a paid-up, nonexclusive, irrevocable, worldwide license in the
Software to reproduce, distribute copies to the public, prepare derivative
works, and perform publicly and display publicly, and to permit other to do
so.

License for WarpX can be found at [LICENSE.txt](LICENSE.txt).
